Phoenix, believe me.
It's me.
Go find a seat.
Hey.
Sengo, you must avenge me.
He broke all my hands.
Don't worry, your brother-in-law and I are good friends.
I'll avenge you.
Tell me.
Sen.
It's him.
Yes.
Sengo, he didn't just break my finger.
Even if the tiger came, he would not dare to do anything to him.
This is obviously not for you and Tiger Family to see.
Master Li is right.
This guy's crazy.
He wanted to kidnap my daughter.
Wow!
Let my daughter go.
It seems that Sengo is really angry.
This kid's dead.
Sengo is very interested in Lee Soo Ang.
My choice is certainly right.
A decaying Qin family can be compared to Li family associated with Su family.
My daughter is too persistent.
No, we must make him realize that this Qin Fengyan is basically useless.
Hello Qin Laoming.
Look, Sengo's angry.
Let go of my daughter.
Get down on your knees and ask for mercy.